Discover -- a Source Code Static Analyzer
========================================================

Copyright (c) 2020-2022 Singapore Blockchain Innovation Program.

*This is an alpha release v0.1 of the static analyzer Discover.*

# Download

- Homepage: https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~dbsystem/discover/

- Source code: https://github.com/sbip-sg/discover-analyzer


# Installation

- Discover is developed using OCaml and LLVM 13.

- For compilation and installation details, see [INSTALL.md](../../INSTALL.md).

# Approach

- The current bug detection a general dataflow analysis framework, which can be
  instantiated into different analyses.

- Currently, Discover supports 4 analyses:
  + Pointer analysis: for computing aliasing and points-to information of
    pointers.
  + Range analysis: for computing a range of possible value
  + Undef analysis: for identifying variables which are uninitialized.
  + Memory-size analysis: for keeping tracked of memory size of dynamically
    allocated memory.

- A bug detection pass may require information from one or many analyses. For
  example, we only need to use range analysis to detect integer overflow and
  underflow bugs. However, the detection of buffer overflow bugs require
  information from 3 analyses: pointer analysis, range analysis, memory-size
  analysis.

- Discover also support automated symbolic execution using Separation logic,
  which is still under development.

# Preliminary result

- Analysis benchmark: pointer analysis (SVF).

- Bug benchmarks:
